Be specific and realistic. There is nothing worse than receiving vague or unreasonable feedback. Focus on specific aspects to be improved, and provide examples as practical illustrations. It’s important to ensure you are giving feedback on elements that can actually be improved. It can be frustrating for the person if they have no control over the relevant factors. Make sure to ask the person if the feedback makes sense, so they can ask follow-up questions if needed.  
Find the right time. Untimely feedback can be badly received. First, don’t delay giving feedback. The faster you give feedback, the faster the person can improve their behaviour. However, it can be useful to not give feedback on the spot, especially if you are in a group. Wait until you can talk to the person one-to-one, find a quiet spot, and make it as comfortable as possible for both of you.  
Focus on the behaviour. Don’t judge the person. Instead, describe the behaviour you have observed, and explain how it makes you feel or what it makes you feel. For example: “I have noticed you have been late several times this week. I’m worried you may be late on your current project. Can we talk about it?”  
Balance the feedback. Some people call it the sandwich approach. The goal is not to sugarcoat your feedback, but to remind the person of the fact that you value them, and this is why you are taking the time to share feedback. This is also a good opportunity to reinforce what they should keep on doing.  
Offer support. Criticism cannot be constructive if you don’t offer alternative behaviours, and if you don’t support the person in the long run. Feedback is a continuous process. Make sure to be available to help, and let them know when you notice progress.